2016-08-16
I have like two hours two work on this before leaving for work. I think I'll kind start over.
I'll first try to construct an intro. 
I actually learned something from listening to Steve Duda's video: 
1. Make a desaturated 4 bar intro with lows and highs cut.
2. Use less than low-as-you-can kick, with lots of reverb to make it sound massive.
These should trick the ear to calibrate on these sounds, so that the real lows and highs can
be more exciting.

So I threw everything out and started over. Tweaked serum for an hour and now it's time for work already X)

2016-08-15
Playing with Serum a bit. Yeah... I bought it.

2016-08-14

I was doing some other stuff most of the day, so I didn't actually got to composing anything. 

However, I spent some time last night watching videos on youtube. NI Massive tutorial led to something,
which led to some story-time video of Steve Duda, which led to watching the explanation of the inception of 
Serum, which led to watching the whole Serum intro series by duda.

I spent this evening playing with Massive and Serum demos. God I want Serum now. I need dem custom 
LFO envelopes! Well, shit. My exact idea was NOT to gear whore. 

2016-08-13

10:00
It feel like the first day of autumn in Finland. I am at my house. It's saturday morning 10am.
I want to learn how to produce a dubstep song. I have no other obligations today, so I am probably going to 
do this all day. I really liked Skrillex' Kill Everybody, so I'm trying to analyze that.

I'm trying to do learn some time management at the same time. I will set a timer for 25 minutes at a time.
I will work on one task for that time. If I complete one, I may switch to next. But no task switching unless the timer beeps.
Between, I will have small breaks doing some housework like doing dishes and laundry.

15:00
Analysis done. Spent some time driving a friend around. Had lunch.
Starting to crate a drumrack. I want something somewhat realistic. 

18:00
Having a lot of trouble with wubs. lfo-sync doesn't work right for bass-station.
Making progress.

22:00
I dun goofed. I forgot to take breaks and kept on fucking around with stuff even though 
I realized everything was going to shit.
Ohwell. Tomorrow i'll trash those wubs and start over.
